Bupa Australia
Corporate cover to
suit your needs
Nothing is more important to us than providing our Our Bupa consultants are here to help, if you
members with quality corporate health insurance. would like to find out more, please complete
That’s why we’ve teamed up with University of the form below and email it to your Bupa
Adelaide - Development & Alumni, so you can access representative.
a range of health and wellness services as well as
great corporate discounts to help you live a longer, Your company reference number is 2105401
healthier, happier life.
First name:
As a Bupa member, you can look forward to:
Complimentary access to ‘After Hours Plus’ from National Last name:
Home Doctor Service. This means when you book an
after hours, bulk-billed doctor home visit, the doctor may Phone number:
prescribe common medications, on the spot, at no charge
to you. For more information and coverage areas visit Email:
bupa.com.au/afterhoursplus
Bupa Life Skills – online interactive sessions to help you
better handle life’s daily challenges, covering topics such I'd like to enquire about cover for:
as stress, work-life balance and positive parenting. Visit
bupa.com.au/corporatelifeskills Myself Myself and my partner
We will cover the cost of your kids on most dental, My family
physio, chiro, podiatry consultations, and selected optical
packages at Members First providers, up to yearly limits.#
A 2% discount on your health cover+ If you are already a Bupa member, please
provide your member number:
Member number:
To sign up to your health plan
134 135 bupa.com.au/
and quote ID 2105401 corporate
user: CPUniAdelaide
password: cphealth
sales@ Visit your local
bupa.com.au Bupa centre
#For most items covering dental, physio, chiro, podiatry consultations and selected optical packages. Available on our family packages, Ultimate Health Cover, Silver, Gold & Platinum Extras when
taken with hospital cover on a family membership. Fund and policy rules and waiting periods apply. Child dependants only. Excludes orthodontics and hospital treatments. Set benefits apply at other
recognised providers. +Discount is reviewed periodically by Bupa and your Company and is subject to change. Must pay by direct debit or payroll deduction (if available). Bupa HI Pty Ltd ABN 81 000
057 590 (8VZX-KABJ).
